Good afternoon.
My name is Jacob Brown,
and I'm with Apple Professional Services.
We've deployed Podcast Producer in
different organizations,
and today we're talking about deploying
Podcast Producer in those organizations.
We have...
We have two guests today,
one from Stanford University School of
Medicine and one from
Orange County Sheriff's Department.
After that, Jason, one of my coworkers,
is going to come up and we're
going to talk about some
best practices for deploying
Podcast Producer on OS X Leopard.
And we're talking about OS X Leopard,
not 10.6, 10.5 server.
So with that, I'd like to introduce
Andy from Stanford University.
My name is Andy Wasklewicz.
I'm from Stanford School of Medicine.
I'm the technology architect.
Jump right in and go a quick
overview of the history of what
we've been doing at Stanford.
Is this working or not?
No.
Okay, I'll stand here.
So, we started, we have a rich history in
capturing classroom video.
We've been working for 35 plus
years in classroom capture.
You can see we started back in
the 70s when I was just a wee lad.
And we moved through the
80s and we captured on the
always highest quality VHS.
And just a side note for any of you
guys who are from universities that
have these same type of archives.
Stanford has very little
of this archive left.
We actually recorded over most of it.
And also didn't store
it in a proper location.
So, if you have some archives
when you go home,
I'd suggest ingesting them into podcast.
a producer as quickly as possible.
In '88,
along with many other universities,
we started streaming our classes
via real streaming servers.
This was a solution that the
faculty really liked because they
thought their content was "safe."
As we moved along into 2006,
2007, the safe part of this kind of
changed when we found that students
were ripping all the streams and
distributing them in different methods.
So, like any other university,
what do you do?
You write a policy.
So we wrote some policies,
and I was contacted to come in and
work with the EdTech group on deciding
next steps for classroom capture.
In late 2007-2008,
we started working on some prototypes
with Podcast Producer as a replacement
for our now-aging real systems.
As you can see,
the downloadable video is how we
actually do most of our video now.
All of our courses are,
every single course that we teach
is actually captured and digitized.
Grand Rounds, which is something specific
to the medical school.
We also do any special events
that happen in the school,
any guest lecturers, whatever happens,
we record it.
We do about 6,000 to 7,000 events
a year in our educational spaces,
and we capture about 2,500
classroom capture sessions.
So why were we moving
to Podcast Producer?
Number one reason is the
School of Medicine is
actually restructuring itself.
And one of my major responsibilities
is the Li Ka Shing Center for
Learning and Knowledge.
This building is a four-story
educational building.
It's a new educational gateway space.
Every single space is capture capable,
meaning that of the 130 cameras
that will be in the space,
they'll all be routed back,
and we expect to encode
these with Podcast Producer.
It's a major factor for us moving towards
an open system like Podcast Producer.
Another big impetus for us moving
towards this system is the students.
We have a very active student body,
as you can tell.
They are very technically savvy.
They also have a level
of expectation of us.
Because of the quality of work
that we've been doing for so long,
and the timeliness of our
encoding sessions being posted,
students have these expectations
that they hold us to.
So one of these
expectations is timeliness,
and what I mean by that is four
hours after the class is captured,
we try to have that online.
So it's a pretty quick turnaround for us,
and when we are
investigating new products,
this is one of the things
that we are really trying to
stress as a key component.
As you can see,
also the students are requesting
more of video anywhere,
anytime, meaning they want to study
the video where they want,
when they want.
If they're on the train,
they're going to want to study
the video where they want,
when they want.
If they're on the train,
they want to study.
If they're in the library,
they want to study on their laptop,
they want to have access to it.
So with that,
we moved on to actually asking
the deans if we could move
forward with this project.
And my favorite quote
came in the meeting,
where he says,
why limit the capture system
to just classroom when we
could open it up to everyone?
And so after I picked
my jaw off the floor,
I realized that this kind of validated
our choice of Podcast Producer,
because I knew that we could actually
handle taking in all the content that
was created throughout the campus.
Actually, three days after he said this,
the hospital came to us
and asked us to ingest and
distribute 150 tapes to YouTube.
Exciting.
[Transcript missing]
So, quickly go over our prototype system.
Pretty much like everyone else in here,
we have a classroom capture system.
We actually mix right in
the back of the classroom.
We have cameras and Mac minis that
are actually capture stations.
I threw up the Mac Pros because
our post facility,
like I said,
actually used Podcast Producer.
Once they've cut their pieces,
they actually pass it
on to Podcast Producer,
and it distributes where they'd
like to with special workflows.
Once the file's actually passed on,
it goes to shared storage.
Podcast Producer actually
runs the workflow.
We're in an investigative state.
One of the unique things about our
system is we're actually investigating
episode engine for the encoding portion.
Once the episode's engine's done,
Podcast Producer picks that
file up and passes it on to
wherever we're going to publish,
whether that's iTunes, YouTube,
wherever it happens to be.
And our students pick that up
on any device that they have.
I'm going to quickly go
into what we capture.
This is pretty typical of
the content that we would be
putting through the system.
This is some stuff we captured in the
hospital of an MD training a student.
You can close your eyes
if you just ate lunch,
which I'm sure many of you have.
This is a surgical procedure
that would be passed through
Podcast Producer as well.
The bulk of our content is
a lot of this kind of stuff.
It's classroom capture.
And finally, we do a,
the medical school does a lot of
research in educational spaces,
so we capture a lot of that and
distribute that as podcasts.
So currently,
Capture about 35 podcasts a week.
This varies from classroom
materials to those special events.
We're expecting to double and
possibly triple that output in 2009.
Our current workflows,
we're mostly using iTunes U.
We have three instances of iTunes U.
We have public, private, and community,
and most of our content actually
sits in the private location.
We do very little in the public space.
We're also working with our main campus
on our new YouTube implementation,
which should be rolling out pretty soon.
We have some custom stuff we're doing
with our School of Medicine web portal.
We're also, as I mentioned earlier,
working with our learning
management team to...
Work on integration with WebCT tools.
Forward-looking,
we're really looking towards Sakai as
our destination for most of this content.
And of course,
some private internal portals.
Some of the unique things about our
deployment are we're actually working on,
in the Li Ka Shing Center,
the new educational facility,
all of the 130 cameras and signal
route back to one location.
We're actually trying to figure out some
way to stick Podcast Producer behind this
and actually automate the entire process.
At the School of Medicine,
we do a lot of simulation-based training,
and these are Mach surgery
spaces that students come into,
work on certain scenarios,
and then the faculty will sit with
them and use this as a learning moment.
They capture a lot of video and are
interested in passing this through our
Podcast Producer system and actually
storing it in an archived format.
We're also, this is very new to Stanford,
I don't know about other universities,
but we don't do a lot
of sharing on campus.
So one of the things that we've
noticed is because a lot of our
work is done during the day and our
classes finish at three o'clock,
is the grid will sit
silent in the evening.
So what we're starting to do is try
to integrate with other groups on
campus who have some content that
they'd like to encode in the evening.
So it's kind of a new for us.
Quickly,
just step through our final steps.
We're working over the summer
with Telstream to finish
our integration project.
We're also working on some
Final Cut Server workflows
for intermediate archives,
as well as allowing our
post-production team access to the
raw content that we're capturing.
We're very interested in iCal Server.
We want to automate as
much process as we can.
So we're really looking at iCal
Server as a possible solution in
integrating that with Podcast Producer.
As I mentioned earlier,
our content management systems and
our control and switching system
within the Li Ka-Shing Center.
One thing that Stanford hasn't done
a lot of is a ton of screen capture.
So we're actually looking at using some
screen capture tools and trying to work
that into the Podcast Producer workflow.
And the last two bullets are...
important to us and really speak to the
extensibility of Podcast Producer is
the Opencast initiative and
ETH Zurich's replay system.
So the driving force behind selecting
Podcast Producer was it allowed us to
really meld it into whatever we want.
And Opencast, which is an initiative
out of UC Berkeley,
is adding a layer that's going
to allow us to interact with our
registrar's office and calendaring data.
And use Podcast Producer as the back end.
And some of the research that's coming
out of ETH Zurich with their indexing and
tagging is we really see as a plug-in to
Podcast Producer and allows us to really
move towards where we'd like to go.
Thank you.
I'd like to introduce Captain Mike James.
All right, I sound,
my microphone's working,
I can already tell.
Good afternoon, my name is Mike James,
and I really am a captain from the
Orange County Sheriff's Department.
That's not a cool nickname I gave myself.
And you might say,
how does a captain from the
Orange County Sheriff's Department get up
here and start speaking about technology?
I ask that same question myself.
In 1998,
we were so technologically advanced that
when I went to my first day on patrol,
my captain said, son,
here's your hardware and
here's your software,
get busy.
So here we are today.
We're going to talk a little bit about
what we've done with Podcast Producer in
the last several weeks,
trying to enhance the image of the
Orange County Sheriff's Department and
enhance the image of what we want to do
in our community and with our deputies.
I'd like to first tell you how
we got involved with Apple.
It was quite a unique thing.
We have about 300 mobile data computers
that our deputies use in the field,
and we feed real-time information
to them about criminals
they're possibly dealing with,
houses they go to,
information about neighborhoods
and all that kind of stuff.
So it's a very critical
thing we give to them.
And part of that thing,
that image has to be updated constantly.
And in order to update that image,
we used to have to pull those
units in out of the field,
physically touch each one of them,
go to a power source and a hard drive.
And one of my technical
guys said to me one day,
he goes, hey,
I figured out if we use an Apple iPod,
I can put the image on and just
USB it right into the computer.
They don't have to leave the field.
So that's a great thing.
So we bought four Apple iPods,
which is very hard to explain to a
county government why you have iPods.
So now we call those
80-gigabyte secure hard drives.
And the purchase thing
goes through Apple,
and we get them, and we get ready to go.
So that was the first
thing we did with them.
And we were so excited by that,
we started talking to
them about other things.
One space that Apple does very well in
law enforcement is computer forensics.
And so our computer forensics
guys wanted Apple things,
and we said, yeah, we would do it.
And we had a simultaneous process
going on where we were doing
Apple storage and computer forensics,
and we were doing another storage device,
which I'm not allowed to say,
on another project.
Well, my tech set up the Apple storage
in about 30 minutes,
never touched it before,
had never seen it before.
And it's been working ever
since we haven't touched it.
The other storage took the company's tech
three days to get it first installed,
five days until it actually worked.
I said, we've got to start buying
some more Apple stuff because
it's much easier to use.
So that was our introduction to
Apple in a world that doesn't use Apple,
and we're going to go forward with that.
Today we're going to tell you a
little bit about our challenges
with trying to get this done.
We're going to show you how we
transitioned from a media tape library
into a rich media distribution system.
And again, we're just at the front
edge of doing that,
so it's something we're
learning day by day as we go,
running in against conflicts and issues,
and also dealing with a big
group of people who don't
understand this technology.
We have very young deputies
coming up now that do,
and we have very old deputies who
don't get it and don't want to get it,
don't want to understand it,
and see the benefit in it.
At our academy, which we'll talk about
in our future deployment,
we talked about making this presentation
go so deputies could actually learn the
material while they're in the academy,
and they responded to us by saying
they have to get it the first time.
And we agreed, but it's really important
that they do get it.
So that's the kind of challenges we're
dealing with when talking to them.
We're going to look at the current
infrastructure that we're using today,
and again,
we started with absolutely nothing.
And as of last week,
we actually have a podcast studio set
up in our office where our sheriff
and other politicians can go on.
We've produced a live tape with
a teleprompter and everything.
So we've made great strides
in a pretty short time,
again, with the help of our Apple pros
that help us out all the time.
And then we accomplished this
using Apple's X-rayed server
and combined storage project.
We're going to talk to you on the screen.
You'll see a bunch of varying,
this is our current infrastructure
that we're talking about right here.
So while that's up there,
I'm going to tell you some of
the things we want to use it for.
Again, training is very,
very important to us.
Training our deputies.
Like every other kind of training,
it's very expensive.
We have to backfill their
positions so the citizens we
serve don't have any downtime.
And the time it takes
to train them is very,
very difficult.
So we're hoping that in this process,
we'll be able to train them
in a lot faster fashion,
get it to them right away, and do that.
We focus in a region of
training that we call high-risk,
low-frequency activity.
That's activity that
you don't do very often,
but it's got extremely high risk to
both the deputy and the public and the
person you contact at the same time.
So we focus on that area,
and that's where we
really hope to do this.
One area that we're doing this already,
we started, is we tried to create,
one of the parts of my division
is property and evidence.
We have about 100,000 items in there,
including large amounts of cash,
every kind of weapon imaginable,
rocket launchers.
And a high amount of narcotics.
So last week alone,
we booked 130 pounds of marijuana.
Part of that is safe handling.
Every day at 3:00,
my employees get the munchies,
and they're all really happy,
but I'm not sure why yet.
So we're in the basement down there.
I'm actually up on the third floor,
and as we walk through the basement,
there's this aroma, let's say.
It kind of overcomes the whole place,
and everybody wants to
work in the basement.
We're not sure why.
Anyway, so we focus on that.
One of the reasons we picked
the Apple storage here,
the way the flexibility
gave us was great.
We know there's other options out there.
We have other contract providers,
but no one could provide it in the
system that they gave to us that was
so easy to use and so easy to enhance,
and the flexibility gave us to increase
our production as we decided to.
And then lastly, it was a proven concept.
It was something that they were
clearly able to show us the benefit of,
and we were clearly able to
just establish it right away and
start creating content with it.
Some of the reasons we were
really trying to use it,
in law enforcement, it's usually very,
we have a very negative environment,
an environment that the media
doesn't fairly report on,
we believe.
They skip over lots of the
positive things and go right
to the negative things,
or our negative things,
that's the world we work in,
and that's okay.
But one of the reasons we want to
do it is we found out that we could
get our message out to the residents
we serve and let them understand,
hey, there really are lots
of good things going on.
You hear about the few bad ones,
but there are lots of good ones.
I worked in one of our contract cities,
and in that environment,
we did a survey and figured out about
90% of the residents were getting
their information about us from us.
So it's really an opportunity
for us to enhance our message
and tell them what we're doing.
Again, we talked about the training,
the high-risk and low-frequency,
so we'll do that.
Next,
we're going to show you a quick demo.
We converted a lot of this
tape library into podcasting,
and so we have one here
that's our MDC training.
Welcome to the Orange County Sheriff's
Department's computer-based
mobile data learning program.
I'm Sergeant Mike McHenry,
and I'll be your guide for
this learning opportunity.
Mobile data programs like this
one have become commonplace
in law enforcement today.
But unlike most mobile
data computer systems,
this equipment and software will
offer the field officer resources and
abilities far beyond most in the nation.
The Orange County Sheriff's
Department's mobile data program
was resurrected in about 1999,
with a change in some
important cellular technology.
As a result of these changes,
we embarked on a fact-finding
process that ended with the
deployment of 29... All right,
that's enough of Mike.
Lastly, what I'll show you up here,
this is our future deployment
that we're working on right now.
And this system that you'll see up
there is based at our training academy.
We train law enforcement officers
from throughout Southern California,
from the bottom,
from top of San Diego all
the way to the top of L.A.
We're one of the last full-stress
academies in the nation,
and we train about six classes a year,
and that training is
about six months long.
One of the requirements,
police officer standards
of training requirements,
requires us to tape every single class,
audit them, and then be able to tell
who was in those classes.
Today,
they're accomplishing that by videotape,
and then they're going back
and trying to find rosters.
And with the Freedom of
Information Act and people
looking back at these things,
we really needed to figure
out a better way to do that.
So this system allows us to do that.
Not only record every class,
record the instructors,
record the slides,
attach the metadata to it to make sure
that the employees that attend those
classes are then logged on there.
So we go back, we can do a search.
Again, our Apple professionals
helped us set that thing up.
We're really thrilled to get it going.
We're trying to get the final
pieces of it in place and make
that purchase and get that going.
So with that,
we're going to go ahead and get started.
All right.
Thank you.
Thanks, Mike.
With that,
I'll introduce Jason from Apple,
and thanks very much.
Thank you, Captain Mike.
Do I have audio back here?
Here we go.
All right,
so I just want to talk a little bit
about some of the best practices
that Enterprise Pro Services has
been doing in these deployments.
As you can see,
we have a lot of great customers we've
been working with on these deployments
in a variety of different uses.
It's amazing to me to see podcasting take
off the way it has and just the different
categories of training and things that
have been being put to use with it.
So I'm just going to go over a little
bit of a component checklist on some
of the different ways that we've been
examining Podcast Producer deployments.
Simply put,
this is kind of a checklist of what
you get when you're deploying a
successful Podcast Producer solution.
Off the top of the list,
we're going to have the XGrid
system for the encoding process,
a shared file system for actually
storing all this content,
and then also the different types
of workflows and resources you can
manipulate to customize the podcast
production for your environment.
As far as the Xgrid goes, again,
this is where the bulk of the work gets
done in Podcast Producer solutions.
I'm sure most of you have attended
some of the other sessions,
and I'm not going to
linger on this too much,
but some of the things we've been
considering when we're working
with Xgrid is how to properly size
it for a different environment.
Specifically,
as we were talking with Andy earlier,
we were talking about requirements,
right?
What is the expectation
that your students,
your sheriffs, your soldiers,
whoever it may be,
have for the rate that this
content is going to get out there?
By the same time, by the same token,
we also have to consider different
types of formats that are going
to be supporting your environment.
If you're encoding more formats,
it's going to take longer to do it.
Now,
some of the ways we've been addressing
this is by adding more XGrid agents.
If you have more processing
power on the back end,
it's going to take a little
bit less time to process it.
But an important thing to understand
about Podcast Producer is that just
because you have more agents doesn't
necessarily mean you're going to be
able to produce one podcast faster.
It just means you can produce
more podcasts simultaneously.
Some things we've been able
to do also to address this is
make use of different products,
for example, Telestream,
which Andy mentioned earlier,
and also Compressor
from the ProApps suite,
where you're able to leverage the cores
and processing you have more efficiently,
as well as be able to pick up
additional support for formats
if you need Windows Media or
RealPlay or whatever it may be.
As far as the shared file system goes,
this is the consideration of where
are we going to store this content,
but also it's coming into play because
you need something that's going to
be a fast solution for all of your
agents working on this simultaneously.
So some numbers you guys
might have seen before,
when you're considering
the size of the solution,
you're going to need a good amount
of space to store this content.
The more formats you're encoding,
the more content you need to keep,
the larger you're going to need.
I recently deployed a solution
for the Department of Defense that
was about 55 terabytes,
and something that was a little
difficult to express is how would
you get that into a raw number,
right?
How many hours of video,
whatever it may be.
So we did some math, and we found out,
you know,
when the codecs were supporting and
whatever formats we were employing,
it came out to about
2,000 years of friends.
So if you need some space out there,
and you know, you're like Rachel a lot,
you can get a good amount
of storage from Apple.
The other factor in this is going to be
the amount of bandwidth you're using.
So if you're starting out small,
you can use something like NFS.
You know, you've got a couple agents.
However,
as you get into a larger solution,
what you'll find is NFS doesn't really
scale from a throughput perspective.
At that point, it's good to deploy XSAN.
You get the fiber channel in there,
and not only do you have
something that's faster,
it grows better.
So as you add on more
storage down the road,
you need more content,
you have a system that's
going to grow with you.
Now, the main part of what we've been
doing lately with Pro Services has
been working with different types
of workflows and creating custom
workflows for our customers.
A big part of this to consider
is that workflows are really
just a series of shell commands.
So if you have people in-house who are
experienced working with the Unix shell,
you know, they write some Bash scripts
or Perl scripts,
you can put those to
use in your environment.
Out-of-the-box configuration,
most of these are being used
by the PCAST action command.
This is just the default command that
is included with Podcast Producer.
It has a variety of different tasks
for encoding or posting to iTunes
or to the built-in group blog.
But what you'll find is that some of it,
you need a little bit more
out-of-the-box than what you get.
So just to kind of reinforce
this a little bit more,
I have up here a typical blog workflow.
This is what the basic
blog workflow looks like,
the one that's included
with Leopard Server.
And I've kind of color-coded this
a little bit to divide this up
into different sections so I can
explain a little bit more down the
road about how to customize it.
So when you're seeing the blue here,
I consider these pre-encoding tasks.
And the stuff you find here is
usually going to be something like
prepping the content before it's
encoded or applying a watermark,
your intro, outro videos, titling,
stuff that happens before the
bulk of the encoding operation.
An important thing to consider here
is that most of this is sequential.
You can't really parallelize
this very easily.
The orange is going to be
your actual encoding tasks.
So this is where the
systems are going out.
They're encoding the content
into multiple formats.
And then after that,
you're going to have your
post-encoding tasks of as far as,
am I going to send out
an email notification?
Am I posting it to YouTube?
Am I just going to put
it on the blog server?
To kind of get a little bit
more into the way we've been
approaching this from our standpoint,
I have this particular task encode
iPod divided up a little further.
When you look at the Encode
iPod task in the blog workflow,
what it's actually doing is
calling PCAST action with a set
of parameters like you see above.
It's going to specify things like
where is my working directory,
what is my input file format,
what is my output video file,
and also what particular set of
encoder settings are we using.
Now, an interesting thing about
the PCAST action command is
it's actually a Ruby script.
So if you're comfortable with it,
and you have a little bit of
experience working with Ruby,
you can use some of these as an
example to work your way in and
create more advanced configurations.
Particularly with PCAST action,
when you use the encode command,
it's actually going to go back
to the QT encode command to
do the actual binary encoding.
So what ends up happening is
PCAST action is called by XGrid.
XGrid is going to give it the
necessary parameters from the
submission from Podcast Producer.
And then QT encode in the end gets
called with an expounded set of
parameters to make the encoding happen.
So some things we've been looking at for
troubleshooting this process is that,
first of all,
you want to make sure your underlying
infrastructure is working correctly.
In a minute here,
I'm going to have Jacob come
on back up on the stage,
and I'll show you some of these
particular tools we've been using.
But a great one off the bat
is the XGrid Mandelbrot tool.
You'll find this as part of the
Xcode tools that you can install,
and it's one of the
example code packages.
And this will actually test your XGrid
to make sure it's working properly.
By the same token,
there are some tools like Xantuner or
the Asia Kona tester that can verify your
shared file systems working properly.
Once you're sure that
stuff's all working right,
go ahead and take a look
at running the workflow,
and then kind of follow the
process of the workflow being
run through the different logs
and services that are being used.
For example,
PCAST agent D is where the upload
is going to originally occur,
then you see PCAST server D pick up
the content and push it off to XGrid
controller before it gets sent to
finally an agent to get processed.
Some common problems we've been seeing
out in the field with this stuff,
for example,
with PCAST Agent D is commonly the
errors you're going to run into are
things related to user credentials,
right?
My user account doesn't necessarily
have the privileges to work with
the Podcast Producer system,
or maybe the podcast
service isn't even online.
I'm having network trouble.
I can't reach it.
Once I've gotten past that point,
I can see that PCAST ServerDeek has its
own set of problems it can run into.
Commonly what you'll see here is that
the Xgrid user credentials aren't valid.
So something you might see here is the
Xgrid agent can't kick off the job.
I'm sorry, the Podcast Producer can't
kick off the job.
Similar line is maybe
Podcast Producer can't write to the
shared file system because it doesn't
have the necessary permissions
or there's not enough disk space.
Once you've gotten past PCAST Server D,
you're looking at XGrid Controller D,
and commonly the problem
I've seen here is either A,
you don't have any agents available,
or B, they get stuck at pending.
And an important thing to realize about
the agents that get stuck at pending
is there's actually a little script in
there called art.rb inside your workflow.
And what that says is whether
or not the access to the shared
file system is working properly.
So the most common problem I've seen
with agents stuck at pending is they
can't access the shared file system.
Maybe you're having problems
with a fiber channel card,
maybe the volume's not
mounted on the agent,
but for some reason the agent
just can't get to the system.
Finally, XGrid Agent D,
the problems we've seen there
have been related to things
like privileges and permissions.
You know, my shared file system,
for some reason,
maybe I don't have directory
information passed to all my agents,
and now it doesn't see the
correct set of user permissions
on the shared file system.
Also, you know, it happens sometimes,
maybe you have a malformed workflow,
a typo in there,
you have the wrong input or output,
maybe you need to do a
different set of actions first.
So, with that in mind,
I'd like to welcome
Jacob back up on your stage,
And he's going to give us a
little demo of some of this
troubleshooting we've been doing.
So I'm going to start with
simply the Mandelbrot.
This is a Xcode project
that's actually located in--
Developer examples, Xgrid, Grid,
Mandelbrot.
And I'm just gonna build and go.
And I already built it,
so it built pretty quickly.
[Transcript missing]
and it looks pretty.
The second piece that we're, that,
the second part that we want to
kind of troubleshoot is to make sure
that we're actually getting good
bandwidth on our shared storage.
The two tools that we use in pro
services is going to be XSAN Tuner,
and right here I'm going to show
you the AJ Kona System Test,
which is a third-party software from AJ.
And it pretty much
Since I don't actually
have a SAN attached here,
I'm going to just write
to the local hard drive.
But it just gives you
read and write tests.
If you have a problem
with your shared storage,
you're going to either see that the
bandwidth isn't what you expect it to be,
or it's just going to fail,
like if the XAN volume is not
online or something to that effect.
And this is a real good
test just to make sure,
you know, XGrid agents can all get
to the shared file system.
So here we actually...
shows you the average bandwidth.
And if you have XAN involved, obviously,
depending on the number
of controllers you get,
you'll get much higher speeds.
So it's just testing the I/O.
The Apple tool would be XAN Tuner.
XAN Tuner only works
with a real XAN volume,
so that's why I had to use the AJ.
Then the last one is actually going
to Podcast Capture and doing a test.
And what I'm testing right now is
to make sure my workflows are going
to be working as I expect them.
So I have four logs here that I'm
actually going to be looking at.
The system log, which is going to give
me the most information.
I'm going to go ahead and mark it.
My podcast server D-log,
my X-Grid agent log,
and my controller log.
So when I actually submit this,
let me do a little screen capture.
And here you can tell
Podcast Capture's already saying,
you know, we started recording.
I'm going to go ahead and publish this.
And I'm just going to
submit it with the blog.
This is the -- what
Jason showed you was the blog,
so when you're -- you're
going to actually see each
line as it goes through here.
So Xgrid successfully, or Podcast Server,
successfully sent the grid the job,
and then here you can
actually see the job going.
And you'll see each line
has what XGrid agent,
the XGrid agent is actually processing.
So here it's processing PCAST action,
the post flight, and it tells you the
actual base directory.
All the information that you
were getting from the workflow
you'll see in the XGrid agent log.
You can also verify that
the job completed in Xgrid
And the final piece is
just to go verify it.
So this is actually in the wiki.
You can just see the video.
Great resolution there.
So that's it.
You pretty much-- you verify the-- the
XGrid agents are working as expected.
You verify that your bandwidth,
your shared storage,
is up and providing you the
bandwidth that you expect.
And then lastly,
you verify that your workflows
are actually doing what you expect
them to by watching the logs and
seeing if there's a failure or,
in this case, they all succeeded.
That's--that's what I got.
Back to slides, please.
So this last section,
I'd like to talk a little bit
about customizing Podcast Producer.
These are, again,
some of the things we've been doing
out there in the field and making use
of these deployments to make them fit
a little better for our customers.
I'm going to take a look at
pre-encoding customization,
things we're doing with different
types of watermark resources,
customizing things that are happening
before the bulk of the encoding process.
I'll take a quick look at some ways
you can enhance the different features
of the encoding process itself,
and then I'll just talk briefly about
the post-encoding customization.
As far as pre-encoding
customization goes,
you can start out small.
Maybe I just want to use a
different watermark image.
I don't want to have an
Apple logo on all my content.
In that case,
just create a simple PNG file,
make sure it's transparent,
and specify the right file in
your properties and server admin.
Getting a little more advanced
and you want to work with
things a little bit deeper,
you can take a look at using custom
quartz compositions and transitions.
So maybe I want to have,
instead of a watermark in
the lower right-hand corner,
I want it in the left corner.
Or maybe I want a lower third that
talks about what I'm looking at.
All this stuff's possible using
a tool called Quartz Composer,
which can be a little bit
difficult to work with at first,
but it gives you a lot of flexibility
in working with different types of
transitions and the compositions.
As far as the encoder customization goes,
another simple thing you can start out
with is using custom encoder settings.
Maybe you want to use a different
resolution for your encoder settings
than you do normally out of the box.
So maybe instead of the
default settings for H.264,
you want to use a different resolution
or a different amount of audio
quality or change those in some way.
You can track down some tools
on the Internet that will allow
you to tweak those settings.
You put them in the right folder,
and they're good to go.
Once you're comfortable with that,
you can look at getting
into more advanced encoders.
So, again,
I talked earlier about using Compressor
and working with Telestream's product.
We've had a lot of success working
with Telestream's episode podcast
and deploying this for customers
who want to support a larger variety
of formats than you would get out
of the box with Podcast Producer.
You know, Windows Media Format,
Flash Formats, Real Media,
pretty much anything out there,
episode is worked with at this point.
For your post-encoding customization,
a simple one you could do would be
maybe posting multiple group logs.
Out of the box, again,
it really only caters to a single group.
But to add a second group
is really just a matter of
duplicating your existing workflow,
creating a couple custom properties,
and then specifying in those
custom properties what group
you would prefer to post to.
Moving on from there,
things you can get into for
advanced settings are things
like posting to custom websites.
Andy talked earlier
about posting to YouTube.
We've been working on some tools
like that to post to YouTube as well.
I've seen people posting to Blogger,
different type of blog systems,
really anything you can
call with a shell script.
You know, I want to FTP it to a server.
I want to just put it in a
special folder and drop it.
I want to work on pushing it to
my Final Cut Server solution.
All these things are possible
because it's all just shell
scripts in the back end.
So just to talk a little bit about this,
as far as if you're working on this
and you want to get into some more
information on Podcast Producer,
we have our server evangelists
who can talk about this stuff.
Also, you'll find a lot of
documentation on our site,
on the server documentation,
working with Podcast Producer.
At this point,
you guys probably caught the sessions.
If not, you might want to wait until
WWDC releases this content
on the iTunes for ADC,
and then you can take a
look at some of these other
sessions you might have missed.
But we've had a lot of content coming
out on Podcast Producer this year.
Also, immediately following this session,
we have a lab down in the
IT lab for Podcast Producer,
and you can find Jacob and myself
down there talking about anything
you might be able to have as far
as solutions you might want to
implement in your environment or
talk a little bit more about that.